.\" manpage for Hyprwall
.TH "hyprwall" "1" "October 2024" "" "Hyprwall Manual"

.SH NAME
hyprwall \- A tool for setting wallpapers on Wayland (multiple backends). Written in blazingly fast Rust!

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBhyprwall [OPTIONS]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
An unofficial GUI for setting wallpapers with multiple backends, built with GTK4 and Rust.
.br
Supports supports a variety of wallpaper backends: \fIswaybg\fR, \fIswww\fR, \fIwallutils\fR, \fIfeh\fR, and \fIhyprpaper\fR.

.SH GUI
.TP
To launch Hyprwall in GUI mode, simply run:
hyprwall

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-restore\fR
Restore the last selected wallpaper.

.TP
\fB\-R\fR, \fB\-\-random\fR
Set a random wallpaper.

.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-backend\fR \fI<backend>\fR
Set the wallpaper backend.

.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-folder\fR \fI<folder>\fR
Set the wallpaper folder.

.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-wallpaper\fR \fI<wallpaper>\fR
Set a specific wallpaper.

.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-generate\fR
Generate the config file.

.TP
\fB\-F\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Force overwrite of existing config file.
.br
Should be used with \fB-g\fR.

.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-copyright\fR
Display copyright information

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help

.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version

.SH SUPPORT
If you find Hyprwall useful, please consider giving it a star on GitHub to show your support!
https://github.com/nnyyxxxx/hyprwall

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please consider submitting feedback if you encounter any issues.
https://github.com/nnyyxxxx/hyprwall/issues

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2024 HyprUtils.
.br
GPL-2.0 License.
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0
.br

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.br
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
.br
version 2.
.br

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.br
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.br
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the
.br
GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Adam Perkowski.
<adas1per@protonmail.com>
